Add docs for better PHP header injection/extraction APIs (#18121)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/custom_instrumentation/php.md

### Tracing internal functions and methods

> An optimization was added starting in **0.46.0** to ignore all internal functions and methods for instrumentation. Internal functions and methods can still be instrumented by setting the `DD_TRACE_TRACED_INTERNAL_FUNCTIONS` environment variable. This takes a CSV of functions or methods that is to be instrumented. For example, `DD_TRACE_TRACED_INTERNAL_FUNCTIONS=array_sum,mt_rand,DateTime::add`. Once a function or method has been added to the list, it can be instrumented using `DDTrace\trace_function()` and `DDTrace\trace_method()` respectively. This setting has become obsolete with version 0.76.0: all internal functions can unconditionally be traced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version 0.76.0, all internal functions can unconditionally be traced.

On older versions, tracing internal functions and methods requires setting the `DD_TRACE_TRACED_INTERNAL_FUNCTIONS` environment variable, which takes a CSV of functions or methods that is to be instrumented. For example, `DD_TRACE_TRACED_INTERNAL_FUNCTIONS=array_sum,mt_rand,DateTime::add`. Once a function or method has been added to the list, it can be instrumented using `DDTrace\trace_function()` and `DDTrace\trace_method()` respectively. The `DD_TRACE_TRACED_INTERNAL_FUNCTIONS` environment variable is obsolete as of version 0.76.0.
```
Clarifying this slightly to lead with the most up to date information.
